House relocation to Hanyang
Nanchengzhu
Brother Yang, I have never done a disaster
Yes, I want to thank the South City Lord
I know about this, as long as it's okay
You can step back first
They are stronger than gold
Brother Li, how could you have the heart to beat the mandarin ducks?
Then I'm dead in vain.
It was your son who provoked you first
Not as good as others
Die to save you
Brother Li, my condolences
The dead cannot come back to life
Brother Li
My condolences but I also want to wake others up
Tang Yang run away
Don't waste the time my father bought for you
Run away run away
But you stay
Cao Qian, don't break your mother
Let's go, you take this
Except for the city gate, go east
Go to He City to participate in the original gate martial arts election
Li Jiading did not dare to attack Yuan Sect's disciples
Go, Brother Yang
As long as you survive, I have a chance
Xiaoqian is waiting for me to pick you up
After a year, I will go to the Hangyi Palace to welcome my relatives
If he is not there
I'm hanging a light all over the door
Hahahaha
What about waiting for you for a year?
Then you come to the old body
Let you watch with your own eyes as he is trained into a top skull by the old body
Gold coin